Hyperlint Automation: Meta Description Fixes (#20124)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/magic-wan/configuration/connector/network-options/nat-subnet.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Enable NAT for a subnet

> description: Enable static NAT for subnets in Magic WAN to allow inbound connections without host initiation. Ensure unique address spaces for seamless translation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Enable static NAT for subnets in Magic WAN Connector to  re-use address spaces locally.
```
